Try to improve freshness-check description (#14905)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/modes-of-operation.rst

PowerDNS supports multiple primaries. For the BIND backend, the native
BIND configuration language suffices to specify multiple primaries, for
SQL-based backends, list all primaries servers separated by commas in the
'master' field of the domains table. For the freshness check PowerDNS will
randomly select one of the configured primaries. If the freshness checks fails
for that primary, the zone will be checked again in the next cycle, again

> using randomly one of the configured primaries. Hence, even with multiple primaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using one of the configured primaries, chosen at random. Hence, even with multiple primaries,
```

> make sure that always all of them are available for fast zone updates. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make sure that all of them are always available for fast zone updates. If
```
